Stephanie - Can you finalize the attached and have it signed. I need to initial it, but it needs to be signed by Brad Richter. Thanks. Write a subject line for this email.	
Ronald Chisholm LOI	

Write an email with the subject line "Resumes".	
Karen, I have forwarded all the resumes to Charlene Jackson about 10 days ago. I am resending 4 resumes (in the case of Paolo it's a copy of his E-mail message) I have in electronic format. The resume for Gappy will be faxed to you. Thanks for your help.	

Dear Jared: Please review the attached drafts of your requested confidentiality agreements with Peoples Gas System, NUI Corporation and Jacksonville Electric Authority. Please advise me or Gerald Nemec about recommended changes. Note to Ned Crady: Since these CAs involve Enron Global Markets LLC as well as ENA, we would appreciate your review and approval of these documents as well. Thank you, Propose a subject line for this email?	
CAs with PGS, NUI and JEA	

Write an email with the following subject: Kaiser	
Rod and Paul: I have checked the ISDA between Kaiser and ENA and it has our standard setoff language which permits setoff of amounts owed by or to the Non-Defaulting Party and its Affiliates against amounts owed by or to the Defaulting Party under the ISDA and other agreements. Please call me once you have located the Metals agreement as Greg indicated to me in a voice mail that he needs an answer this morning. Rod, If we get comfortable on the legal side with this arrangement, are there other credit issues that need to be considered?	

The following items was presented in this week's corporate change control.... Jan 10 From 10:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m., the Messaging team will upgrade mailsweeper servers NAHOU-MSMSW03P and NAHOU-MSMSW06P to version 4.2_8. No impact is expected. Jan. 12 From 11:00 p.m. through 1/13 at 2:00 a.m., ENS backbone will replace the primary clock on the 172.16.7.0 server segment. This switch is located in the old ECT 34th floor section of the raised floor. All servers connected to this switch will have an outage of approximately three hours. No impact to ETS users is expected. Jan. 14 From 12:00 p.m. through 1/15 at 12:00 p.m., the SAP team will move the XMS database from Seattle to Denver. During this maintenance, the web-based XMS (employee expense) system will be unavailable. Propose a subject line for this email?	
ETS and Corporate Change Control	

Here is an email: FYI Lisa Finley just called me to let me know that Devon Operators need to take Beaver Creek down tomorrow for 8 hours. They apologize for the short notice, but said if they don't fix the cooler now it will bring the whole system down soon. We will be short by about 6,500 on the 005 contract for Gas Day 4 and I guess we'll have to work at paying it back. That's all I have to say .....about that. Theresa What is a potential subject line for this email?	
Devon - Gas Day 4	

Write an email with the following subject: GISB	
Hi Sylvia, Re the GISB for Wisconsin, no we would not agree to the terms of their GISB on the front page or their special provisions. Are you aware we currently have a GISB in place with Wisconsin Public Service Company and ENA as well as with Wisconsin Gas Company?????? Re Master Status: I have devoted my afternoon to this contract in order to complete the redline. Will keep you apprised. Do you still want a copy of our GISB. If so, I will send you a draft however, I need to fill in the name of the counterparty etc. before it goes out.	

Larry left me a voice mail. Would you mind calling him and telling him that I am tied up on a conference call that is likely to last until 500, so I can't call him until after then. I would really appreciate it!!!!!!!! XXXXXOOOOOO CKM Propose a subject line for this email?	
Larry	

Gerald, I wanted to follow up on our on Monday regarding the GTC Point Specific confirmation for Torch Energy. Are you getting close to having something ready for us to send to them? We need to send them something to start reviewing today if at all possible. If you could let me know as soon as possible, I would appreciate it. Thanks, Generate a subject line for this email.	
Torch Energy GTC Point Specific	

This is an email Susan: Just a reminder that our meeting is at 10:00 am on Wednesday, 38C1. Please confirm that you will be able to attend and speak to us re: tax issues for derivatives. I am glad to assist in any way. Thanks. What is the subject of this email?	
Swap Group Meeting - Wednesday, April 4	

Here is an email: Folks, Had an idea to get together this weekend at the casa and maybe watch a little football, shoot some pool, drink some wine (or beer), and 'whine' about Enron. Who knows when we'll all get together again, so anyone up for a Sat night down South of town? Let's hear some interest out there! Brad What is a potential subject line for this email?	
Enron Whine and wine party	

Write a subject line for this message: Hi guys, I'm faxing you some changed pages as requested for the CA Development deal. For some reason my email wouldn't go through. I should have an answer to the invoice question tomorrow. If all else fails you can send the invoices to Ben and we can process them here. Kay	
revisions to CA invoicing	

CONGRATULATIONS ! I just found out that you were extended an offer by the Big E. I can't tell you how happy I am that I didn't have to question the intelligence of my company. Hope you had a good birthday and I'll see you at the A&M game. Generate a subject line for this email.	
Happy Belated Birthday and .......	

Write a subject line for this message: Lorraine, I've been studying the El Paso/Dynegy reservation reduction mechanism (RRM). Basically the deal was that Dynegy's minimum-pay obligation would be reduced by the amount of the fixed cost component of IT revenues generated by El Paso's transportation of IT volumes above a historical threshold. (The parties based the threshold on El Paso's monthly IT volumes for the 12 months ended 9/30/97.) The volumes in excess of the threshold were calculated and a ratio of the volumes in excess of the threshold to the total volumes was determined; the ratio would then be applied to the fixed cost component of all IT revenues and the resulting dollar value applied to Dynegy's monthly reservation charge, to the extent Dynegy had not met its minimum pay obligation for a particular month. This provision of course met with heavy opposition; however, FERC allowed it. FERC stated that while the RRM had anticompetitive effects because it created a disincentive for El Paso to discount IT, it was not unduly discriminatory. The "unduly discriminatory" conclusion was based on an analysis on the potential effect on the Cal. gas transportation market -- the	
Duke	

Tammi DePaolis has requested a Master agreement for Carolina Power & Light Co. for a 7 month firm deal for summer. Currently, we have only a GISB in place with CPL. Please forward a credit worksheet. Many thanks! Propose a subject line for this email?	
Carolina Power & Light	

Brad, I really don't know where to begin other than just to say it. Enron is having some extremely difficult times now. I have been trying to focus on helping Enron stay together. This is not a good time for you or anyone else to try and seek employment here. I am sorry if I am letting you down. I was only wanting to help. I will always keep you in mind, and hopefully when things turn around here I will be able to address you coming here. Write a subject line for this email.	
Summer Enron Internship	

Write a subject line for this message: Attention Enron shoppers, here's the Blue Light Special for the year!!!! Enron Jersey Blowout Sale!!!!! $35.00 (cash or check) Sizes: M - 2X First-Come, First Served (a limited number of Smalls will be available as soon as all our riders have picked up their packets - the end of the week) See Stephanie Strong (EB2432) or Becky Pham (EB2336) in the Enron Building for purchases, or come to our last minute packet pickup today and tomorrow 11:30 to 12:30 in the 31st floor lobby of Three Allen Center. If you are outside Enron and cannot get here this week, send an email to reserve one in your size, and they will be in my car at the ride start and in LaGrange.	
JERSEY SALE	

Friday's Contents: 1.18.02 Daily News Update and Stock Performance Calpine Restructuring Lead to New Future As stated in our November 16 issue of The Prometheus File, Reed Wasden Research will be sending our daily publication and morning notes for a 45-day trial period. Included is our daily update and notes on companies that RWR follows. For those who do not wish to receive the daily updates, please reply with WEEKLY ONLY as the subject. Please allow at least one day for your request to be processed. Best regards, Propose a subject line for this email?	
Reed Wasden Research - Daily Update 1/18/02	

To our IBS Customers that are still hanging in there: We understand your continued frustration and express our sincerest apologies for our inability to give complete and accurate answers to your questions. The problems that we are seeing are one of three (3) possibilities: 1) You have entered your password incorrectly (or what you thought was the correct password) and been given the error message that you have exceeded your opportunities for today, and you receive the message "You have failed to correctly login three times today; please try again tomorrow, or contact the bank at 830-379-5236 to have your password reset." This is the easiest problem to correct and we can fix this one quickly with you online (on the phone). Should you receive this message, please call our Computer Department and ask for either myself (Howard Gordon) @ 830-401-1185, Christina Kirby @ 830-401-1189, or Lora Robles @ 830-401-1182. If you reach our voice mail (or another employee), please leave your Name, Account # and call back #. 2) You are not using the last six (6) digits of your ssn# (this is the ssn# or tin# of the primary account holder). Please try again using the last six (6) digits, or call us to determine who we have recorded as the primary account holder. 3) If you see this error message "Invalid login; please try again" (after three [3] or more tries), then you possibly fall into this last category. Your account is one of the few that did not convert correctly (we will not release any information about these accounts until we verify that all information is correct and accurate). We are finalizing these accounts today and should have them available for access this afternoon (late) or this evening. Once we release these accounts for IBS access, you will have to again use the last six (6) digits of your ssn# (this is the ssn# or tin# of the primary account holder), then you will be directed to a screen that asks for information such as: Name Address City, State Zip+4 Phone # E-Mail Address After entering this information and clicking submit, you will then be instructed to change your password to anything that you desire (you can at this point change your password back to what it was before). Always remember that your password is case sensitive. Should you get into IBS (before early evening [6:00pm]), the balance and transactional information displayed is as of 11/16/01 (Friday night). We will have this information updated by 6:00pm (hopefully), and then information will be as of Monday (11/19/01). Again we want to thank you for your patience through this (trying) ordeal, and we look forward to continuing to service your IBS needs in the future. Sincerely, Generate a subject line for this email.	
Internet Banking	

The following are the names I have identified as participants for the Corporate Legal Year End 2001 PRC Meeting on Friday, December 7th. Jim Derrick Rob Walls Chuck Cheek Paula Rieker Rex Rogers Please let me know if there are any changes to this list. We are only required to review Manager level and above however, we have the flexibility to review all (or some) levels. Please let me know how far down you would like to go on the review table. My recommendation is that we may want to discuss at least down to the Sr Specialist level since there may be some nominations for promotion to Manager in this category. If you have questions, please call me at Ext 30649. Thanks. Sheila Walton Write a subject line for this email.	
Year End 2001 PRC Meeting	

What is the subject line for this email? To: Ms. Cheryl Dudley, Houston Pipe Line Company Dear Cheryl: I'm sending you this information to follow-up regarding our brief discussion today about the subject company. As I mentioned, the Texas Railroad Commission still shows this company as active. We have written to the TxRRC before saying that all the facilites and contracts for Enron Industrial Natural Gas Company were sold to HPL, but they can't "de-activate" the company yet because their records show it as "active" due to the acitvity shown by another company. Apparently the company that needs to file corrected P-4s showing that HPL or another company is involved in these leases is:	
Enron Industrial Natural Gas Company	

Though many of you already know, today is my last day here at Enron. I am leaving to pursue my culinary interests full time and have accepted a baking/pastry apprenticeship with the Deer Valley Resort in Park City, Utah for the winter season. I am happy to have spent the past 3 years working with such a fun and intelligent group of people. I sincerely wish all of you the best in your future endeavors. Please don't hesitate to look me up if you are in the Park City area, vacation planning, or considering some radical career change like this...ha. It would be great to see old friends up there. Forwarding info is below: Propose a subject line for this email?	
Park City Bound	

What is the subject line for this email? Susan, please substitute the setoff language set forth in the attached to each of the referenced items in the swap form bank. If there are any other items in the swap form bank that you think also need the new language, please advise. There may be additional language for a Canadian alternative; Peter is reviewing this further with Canadian counsel. Susan, also please note that as I update the US Industrial I will include this new language, but for now, put it in the current US Industrial form. After you have substituted the language, please provide me with one copy of each form for a final check. Thank you. Mark Taylor: This language has not been implemented in EOL.	
New Setoff Language in Isda Forms	

Get Connected with e-Statements. Sign up for Electronic Statements from Enron Federal Credit Union by November 15 to be entered into a contest to win a Palm Vx! Log on to www.enronfcu.com to apply or for more information. Write a subject line for this email.	
EFCU Gets You Connected	

Write an email with the following subject: HS Resources, Inc.	
We have received the executed Second Amendment to the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of July 31, 2000. This amendment changes the Counterparty's exposure Threshold and exempts certain Transactions when calculating "Exposure" under Paragraph 3 of the ISDA Credit Support Annex. Copies will be distributed.	

I called her twice but never heard back from her. If she is not calling you, I say let sleeping dogs lie. Have you heard anything? Propose a subject line for this email?	
Call Alisa Johnston at Dynegy 713-767-8686 re Debbie Chance	

Write a subject line for this message: FINAL DAY TO REGISTER - RICE MBA INFO SESSION PLEASE RSVP BY 12:00 NOON NOVEMBER 2, 2001 THANKS! Come learn about the Jones Graduate School of Management at Rice University! This is your opportunity to meet to meet with individuals from the Jones Office of Admissions, as well as with current students and alumni.	
RICE MBA INFO SESSION - REMINDER: FINAL DAY- RSVP!	

Psalms 9:10 "Those who know your name will trust in you, for you, LORD, have never forsaken those who seek you. " Thank you, Lord, that Mr. Lay is one that knows your name. Help him, Lord, that even though things look absolutely awful, we look to you for you are our help. You are an ever present help in time of trouble. All that call upon the name of the Lord will be saved. We will not tell you how our salvation should look, we will just trust in the One that can save us. We trust in your gentle, loving kindness. Your heart that has good thoughts towards us that we may have an expected end. Lord, the end looks like disaster right now. Oh Lord, hear our cry for your name's sake. Deliver us and we will proclaim your goodness to all. Don't leave us to the hands of our enemies. Thank you, Lord, that we see that we CANNOT trust in money or earthly riches and forgive us that we have momentarily sinned but Yes, Lord, we see that we can ONLY trust in you. Great is your faithfulness! Propose a subject line for this email?	
Psalms 9:10	

Write an email with the subject line "TRAINING OPPORTUNITY: Derivatives II (11.14.01-11.15.01)".	
We will be offering the Derivatives II training course November 14th/15th in the 2WTC Oregon Room. Space is limited to 25 participants, so if you are interested in attending, please let me know no later than Monday, November 5th. Thanks,	

Write an email with the subject line "Customers in COH".	
Hello, I am looking for supply for two facilities in Ohio. The first is located behind COH 7-3 and the second facility is located behind COH 5-2. They are looking for firm supply to their respective gates. I have attached their load profile below. I am looking for a Nymex plus applicable basis quote. Please let me know if you are able to bid on one if not both facilities. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Sincerely,	

Sorry, but once again Tim has discovered a bug in the conversion of the Truequote data and has requested us to remain out of the files while they correct the program and rerun the job. This should be complete by 1, at which time I will spot check the data and give the ok as to whether we can use the files. In the meantime, if you could please try to update the progress reports with any data that you may have completed, it will be greatly appreciated. Thanks, Propose a subject line for this email?	
Curve Validation Templates	

Write an email with the following subject: e-Trans Contract Administration	
Contract 04603 was suspended at 11/30/2001 08:35:46 PG&E National Energy Group and any other company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and Electric Company, the regulated California utility. Neither PG&E National Energy Group nor these other referenced companies are regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission. Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company do not have to buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility.	

Here is an email: In order to bring better legal coordination and standardization to Enron's Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) group, we have formed a new legal group, which will initially include Lisa Mellencamp (Finance), Marcus Nettelton (Power Trading), Carol St. Clair (Broadband/Power Trading), Mary Cook (Financial Swaps), Peter Keohane (Canada), Ed Essandoh (Retail), Paul Darmitzel (Retail) and Elizabeth Sager (Power Trading) (Team Leader). This group will focus on, among other things, managing Enron's exposures with bankrupt counterparties, working out credit solutions with distressed counterparties and standardizing our overall credit practices. The initial members in this group have been drawn from Enron's numerous legal groups in order to gain a broader perspective. Each of these members will provide support to this new group in addition to their current responsibilities. Within RAC, Michael Tribolet will focus on distressed counterparties, in conjunction with Bill Bradford, who continues to manage the Credit Risk Management group. Please join us in supporting the efforts of this new group. What is a potential subject line for this email?	
New Legal Team to Assist RAC	

Write a subject line for this message: Good Morning Sara, I wanted to touch base with you regarding the CSFB 2001 Equity Swap Basket documentation. Since the last time we spoke here are some of the issues discussed along with some additional recommendations. 1) Finalizing the Master ISDA Agreement with Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe) Limited. I see that the status is under Credit Review. 2) Definitions: a) Interest Payment Date- should state "3 business days after the Valuation Date" b) Reference Price- amend the phrase "..last regular way trade..." to state "...Official Closing Price..." in (i) and (ii)(b)(iii). c) Securities- Omit the reference to "Bonds". The definition should only read: "are the securities specified as such in the Confirmation". d) Valuation Date (s)- October 15, 2001, November 15, 2001, ... October 15, 2002 3) Section 5.1 (i)- Omit the reference to Bonds. This section (i) should read: "If a Security pays a dividend or makes another distribution, the payment to be made by the Seller shall be equal to the gross amount of the cash dividend or distribution per share (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any tax credits), as the case may be, multiplied by the Dividend Percentage, multiplied by the Contract Quantity". We should include a definition for "Dividend Payment Date" to read, "The Equity Payment Date relating to the Valuation Date (s) on which the relevant Dividend Period ends". We should also include a definition for "Dividend Amount". The "Dividend Amount" definition should read, "100% of all ordinary cash dividends where; (i) the ex-dividend date occurs during the period from the day following the Trade Date to and including the final Valuation Date and (ii) the date on which the related ordinary cash dividend would have been received by persons who held the Shares comprising the Basket during such period is during the relevent Dividend Period". I believe we should address Section 5.2 "Potential Adjustment Event". We should recommend replacing the language similar to the Intra-Period Adjustment language we utilitized in the Enron Credit Confirmation. Their section allows CSFB to "determine" the provisions of the Intra-Period Adjustments. CSFB should not have control over determining any additonal payment or adjustment of the Opening Price or Contract Quantity. The Intra-Period adjustment language is comprehensive in covering all provisions therein. 4) Schedule to Basket Swaps: a) Applicable Interest Rate Cycle: should read "1 month" b) Termination Date: should read "1 year" c) Business Day Convention: should be the standard ISDA "Modified Following Business Day Convention" language. 5) We should also include the Annex structure to be able to monitor the positions held, along with any subsequent adjustments, in the Equity Swap Basket at any time throughout the deal. Please advise if you like to meet to discuss the documentation in further detail. Regards,	
CSFB 2001 Equity Swap Basket Documentation	

What is the subject line for this email? Dear Greg, As we discussed, I am attaching our proposed form of ISDA Schedule and Credit Support Annex for your review. If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to call me at 713/853-3399. We look forward to hearing from you. cc: Tom May Ed Sacks, Credit Bob Bruce, Senior Counsel	
Draft ISDA-Ontario Power Generation, Inc.	

What is the subject line for this email? I will be hosting a cookout at my home for OU summer interns, recently hired OU grads and the OU recruiting team on Sunday, July 30th in the late afternoon. More details will follow soon, but I wanted to let you know the date so that you can hold this on your calendar. I will look forward to hopefully seeing all of you there. And my husband will be glad to be surrounded by many fellow Sooners!	
Save the Date - Cookout for OU Summer Interns and OU Grads	

As Frank indicated below, below is a new bandwidth product being introduced online. Frequently, if we have a new product and it is close enough in character to another product, we just mirror the approvals we have already given to the mirrored product. Does this strategy work for you, or are there any issues we are unfamiliar with that would require us to review this product in a totally different manner? Write a subject line for this email.	
New Bandwidth Product Type	

Write a subject line for this message: Have you heard anything from John Williams re this matter? We have yet to receive from them a new exeuction of the transactions under the new agreement. I have tried to get in touch with them.	
Heartland	

We have received a notice dated 7/10/00 from Merrill Lynch International Bank that it intends to transfer their FX business to Merrill Lynch International Bank Ltd., a United Kingdom incorporated bank regulated by the SFA, effective as of the fourth quarter of 2000. We do have an ISDA Master Agreement in place with Merrill Lynch International Bank. I am sending a copy of the notice to Gary Hickerson & Tanya Rohauer (I am also sending Tanya the financials of the new entity). We will await Credit's instructions as to how they would like to proceed after reviewing the documentation. Generate a subject line for this email.	
Transfer of Merrill Lynch International Bank FX Business	

Today FERC has issued a Supplemental Notice for the Commission meeting agenda which may become common practice. The public meeting is scheduled for tomorrow and is expected to last most of the day. Discussion items are: Gas Pipeline Operational Flow Orders, GX01-1 Kinder-Morgan 637 Compliance Filing, RP00-343 Efficient and Effective Collection of Data, GX01-2 Report of Natural Gas Sales to the California Market, RP01-397 Electric: Generation Interconnection, EX01-5 Investigation of Terms and Conditions of Public Utility, EL01-118 ARCO v. Calnev Pipeline, OR01-8 Ameren Services, ER01-1136 Northeast Utilities, ER01-2584 Midwest ISO, ER98-1438 Carolina Power & Light, ER01-1807 PP&L Montana, P-2188 Pacific Gas & Electric, P-137 East Tennessee, CP01-80 (expansion project for Tenn./Ga line) Consent items that will be taken up without discussion of interest is the GISB and Order 637 rulemakings (RM96-1-008 and RM98-10/12) and OCS rulemaking, RM99-5. Generate a subject line for this email.	
Supplemental Consent Agenda Issued	

What is the subject line for this email? Further to our conversation please find attached the curves on the JM Huber transaction that we have agreed to work off of. The 30,000/day of capacity will sit on the books until next week but the deal with HUBER is effectively completed. In the event that this deal does not close, then the West desk will resume with the same MTM risks that you presently have. Any curve shift positive from now until the transaction is actually unwound will be credited back to the orig desk and any negative curve shift from here on in will be credited to the trading desk... plus ENA Orig and trading will work on a sharing calculation payable for any future deals. In addition to the transportation income being generated, additional orig will be generated by entering into wellhead and market based transactions with the desks. I believe that all of the risks and discussions associated with the structures have been well communicated with each book ( by Mark Whitt ) and we will be meeting with each of you early next week to get the structures and booking set up properly. I trust that this note covers the general areas related to this deal and I am very pleased with the high level of cooperation shown by everyone.. Pls review file and if there are any questions give me a call. BT	
JM Huber Transaction- Confidential	

Mike, Attached please find a draft confidentiality agreement which we would propose to use with the financial information required to be provided pursuant to the guaranty. If acceptable, please print and start execution, we will sign when we receive the other documents. Sorry for the delay, I had requested this from our credit department and forgot to follow thru. M Propose a subject line for this email?	
Ormet Confidentiality Agreement	

What is the subject line for this email? Due to problems with a Mirant downstream, I had to change a couple of paths late Monday. The new and improved paths are: LADWP-CISO(T)LDWP/SYL GF-LDWP(T)SYL/MALIN #LDWP00000178F-LA(T)SYL/MALIN LDWPCA0024-LADWP-MORGAN-BPA(T)MALIN/JD #10031F-BPA(T)JD/PGE #10031NF-MORGAN-AEP-EPMI-CAES-PGE. Deal numbers 630912 and 556517. IPCO-IPCO(T)IPCO/LGBP #79606F-IPCO-EPMI-MIRANT-SNOH-BPA(T)LGBP/JD #96092NF-SNOH-MIRANT-BPA(T)JD/MALIN #371697F-CISO(T)MALIN/NP15-MIRANT. Deal numbers 524174 and 626428. Both for 25mw on Light-load for 06/05. I have made a tag, #24026, for the LA to PGE path. It was made as a preschedule tag, but due to the lateness of it, BPA may deny it just because they can. If that happens, EPMI real-time will have to make a real-time tag. You can use my tag as a template. Late breaking news - my tag went undelivered due to communication failure at PGE, so I faxed the tag to all the counterparties. Mirant has made tag #5673 for the IPCO to NP15 path. All counterparties have been called as of 15:30 and are aware that these schedules are going real-time - that is, their real time groups will call the schedules in to BPA. EPMI real-time will have to make sure this gets done with a reminder phone call to our counterparties. I have spoken with PGE/Donna, AEP/Peggy, Mirant/Emily, and IPCO/Perry. CAES (Conagra) had already gone home for the day and has no real-time. Any questions? Please call. Thanks, Donald Robinson.	
MIDC path going real-time	

Write a subject line for this message: Ladies and Gentlemen: Attached is a letter from Bill Harper, NESA/HEA President, on behalf of the Board of Directors, asking you to vote on amending the name of the Association from NESA/HEA to NESA. Please read the letter and cast your e-ballot by November 8, 2001 by replying to this message either "FOR" or "AGAINST". Sincerely,	
Your Vote is Required by November 8th!	

The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete. Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein. Any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author. As such, they may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or affiliates. ? 2001 Carr Futures The charts are now in the most recent version of Adobe Acrobat 4.0 and they should print clearly from Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.0 or higher. Adobe Acrobat Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com. (See attached file: API.pdf)(See attached file: TotalGasolineStocks.pdf) (See attached file: Padd I Gasoline Stocks.pdf)(See attached file: Padd II Crude Stocks.pdf)(See attached file: TotalCrudeStocks.pdf)(See attached file: TotalDistillateStocks.pdf)(See attached file: Padd I Distillate Stocks.pdf) - API.pdf - TotalGasolineStocks.pdf - Padd I Gasoline Stocks.pdf - Padd II Crude Stocks.pdf - TotalCrudeStocks.pdf - TotalDistillateStocks.pdf - Padd I Distillate Stocks.pdf Generate a subject line for this email.	
API 2/5	

Write a subject line for this message: I have engaged South African counsel. The response may take a few weeks but your transaction can proceed prior to that time. However, I will need some time to refine our ISDA Schedule and learn about the counterparty. Please keep me up-to-date. Thanks. Sara ps: I can talk	
South African trading partner	

What is the subject line for this email? Louise has asked me if you are available to meet with Duke Energy on Friday November 2nd at 3pm. Please let me know your availability. Thanks Sue TIM: can you make sure that Jeff gets this message. Thanks.	
Meeting with Duke Energy	

Write a subject line for this message: The cancer journey is sometimes lonely and frustrating for both those suffering with the disease and those providing care. But it can also be a time of friendship, personal growth, humor, and fulfillment. Please join Marlene Lockey, Sr. Social Work Counselor at MD Anderson Cancer Center on Wednesday, August 15, 2001 at 11:30 a.m. in the Forum in 2AC (12th floor) for a Brown Bag session on "Caring for the Caregiver." Marlene has many stories to share, as well as many ways to cope with the challenges of living with cancer. The presentation will be followed by an audience discussion, so please bring your questions and experiences. Contact Laura Herrera -laura.herrera@enron.com - if you would like to attend.	
"Caring for the Caregiver" - MD Anderson Brown Bag"	

This is the content of an email: Attached is a draft of the Agreement for Recruiting or Contract Personnel Services. This draft combines the Master Services Agreement, the Agreement for Project Services, and the Staffing Services Agreement into a single, comprehensive document. Attached to this, as applicable, will be a Project Work Description ("PWD") and/or a Staffing Services Description ("SSD"). I understand that HR is working on a revised PWD. I will circulate the SSD in the near future. It will contain a more specific description of staffing services (e.g. retained/contingency) as well as pay rates. Please review this draft to determine if it fits your needs. Feel free to throw darts! Let me know by return email if you have comments or questions. I will resolve as many as possible based upon your comments as well as those of others in Legal, and circulate a revised draft based upon those comments. Thank you. What was the subject line for this email?	
Recruiting/Contract Personnel Services Agreement	

Write an email with the following subject: NW escrow agreement	
Hi there, I believe Chris should be back today, so I wanted to follow up on this. I don't have any recollection of where we left the escrow agreement with NW. Please get with MKahn or Jerry DeBerry to see if we can get consensus on the current form of escrow agreement. Once we have that, Enron (Chris) will make contact with Citibank. Thanks,	

Write an email with the subject line "Penn Career Network".	
Mr. Shankman: My name is Robert Brown and I am a fellow alumnus of the Wharton School. I noticed that you provided your name on the Penn Career Network as a mentor for other alumni. I have just returned from a sabbatical and am currently seeking to enter the energy industry in Houston now that I have returned stateside. As a person who has achieved a prominent position in the industry in which I am interested, I thought you might be able to help me in my endeavors with some advice. Would it be possible for me to contact you at a convenient time, so that I might be able to ask you a few questions? Please feel free to call me on my cell phone at 832.541.5805 or you can also reach me through e-mail by responding to this e-mail. Thank you for making yourself available to other alumni like myself. I look forward to speaking to you. Regards,	

Write a subject line for this message: Prior to the meeting with the Texas General Land Office I think it would be beneficial to have some one accumulate the following information: 1) What has the load profile for the Markets served by the Texas General Land Office look liked in the past? how does the load profile look now and how is the load profile expected to change in the future? 2) If there is swing on an hour to hour basis during the day how will this be managed if HPL no longer provides the Storage service? Before we make recommendations on how to solve their challenges I think we need to fully understand the services they provide to the various Texas institutions.	
Texas General Land Office Mtg	

This is the content of an email: You sound great! I am so glad that you are getting out and living your life!!! Of course, I know Dame Edna, she/he cracks me up!!! I'm sure that you will enjoy the show, I would love to see it. So what's mcclendon doing these days? Hope you get some good drugs and feel better...I#ve been fighting that for weeks, now ARmin has it too. Well gotta go proof a bill Armin just wrote for over 100,000 DM!!! woo hooo, keep the bucks rolling in..AND YOU GET THAT STOCK BACK UP THERE!! ! What was the subject line for this email?	
AW: IT'S FREEZING HERE!	

Attached are my demand charges and CGAS activity for December. Jeff, I have all the prices in my worksheet. It would be easy to calculate one citygate price to put on our big citygate deal ticket. And we are still out of balance starting on the 22nd. Write a subject line for this email.	
Dec 2000	

Write an email with the following subject: Quick question - Xcelerator legal "point person"	
Mark Although the Xcelerator has been moved to Corp, Jim Derrick asked that I continue to receive legal support from your group. I and people in my group have worked some with Teresa Bushman and Angela Davis in Lance Schuler's group. Would you like me to consider Lance or someone in his group as my legal "point person", or is there someone else you'd prefer? Thanks	

This is the content of an email: Hi Nancy! I left a voice mail for you in Sao Paulo since Lynn told me you were there. We need to authorize someone in the US to execute swaps on behalf of ESA. Brent Hendry (after speaking with Jana Morse) thought Martha Stevens or Scott Mills would be good candidates (if not already authorized). Please give me or Brent a call. We're trying to get this done next week since TBS executed a swap in January, 2000 and we are still trying to confirm. Also, let's have lunch. Sara What was the subject line for this email?	
authorization for executing Enron South America LLC ("ESA") swaps	

Ken: It is my understanding that we must get approval from the Office of the Chairman to utilize the company aircraft for personal use. My family is holding a Holiday Reunion in Atlanta December 18-23. Debbie and I would like to fly to Atlanta and back on Friday, December 22, with our children. The twins, Jason and Jessica, are a little bit too young yet to try the commercial airlines, which is why I am requesting to use a company aircraft. Of course, we would only secure a plane if it is NOT needed for business purposes that particular day and would be subject to company policy on all charges. No problem if this doesn't work! Stan Write a subject line for this email.	
PERSONAL USE OF COMPANY AIRCRAFT	

This is an email =09 =09 Dear Randy, I'm Washington Bureau Chief Peter Cook filling in = for Jay Rickerts. Just a reminder - On Friday, Houston Correspondent Kim = Benestante is live in Cairo, Egypt covering the OPEC meeting. Join us tomo= rrow as Kim brings us the latest on possible oil production cuts beginning = in January. We'll also have more reaction from here in Washington to t= he OPEC meeting. American Petroleum Institute Chief Economist John Felmy, = Ph.D., will share his thoughts on the cartel's moves and what they might me= an for the U.S. Also during the 12:00 p.m. ET newscast, The Petroleum Fina= nce Company Senior Market Analyst George Beranek will give us his assessmen= t of the market if OPEC follows through with a production cut. The Federa= l Energy Regulatory Commission has had a very busy year - from the Californ= ia crisis to the crisis at Enron, the Commission has had a full docket. On= Friday during the 10:00 a.m. ET newscast, we'll hear what former FERC Chai= rman James Hoecker thinks about the past year at the FERC and what issues m= ay surface during the New Year. As the year draws to a close, the Houston= bureau will take a look back at one of the biggest energy stories - the co= llapse of the energy giant, Enron. Houston Bureau Chief Myra Jolivet says = on Friday, the Houston bureau will review the timetable of Enron's demise, = the effects of its bankruptcy filing, layoffs and the company's downgraded = credit rating. As Texas deregulation nears, competition in the market is= heating up among retail energy providers. The Houston bureau says the Tex= as Public Utility Commission set the price to beat for areas in the state, = and competing retail energy providers are beating those prices. We'll have= all the details from the Houston bureau on Friday. West Coast Correspond= ent Kym McNicholas says on Friday, California Senator Debra Bowen talks abo= ut what to expect from the legislature in the first few weeks of 2002. Kym= says possible topics of discussion include the issuance of the state's $12= .5 billion in energy bonds, the California Power Authority and plans to get= Southern California Edison and PG?out of debt. Also on Friday from the W= est Coast bureau, California Energy Commissioner Michael Moore talks about = the gas supplies in California. Join us for these reports and more from Sa= cramento tomorrow. Closing Prices for Thursday, Dec. 27, 2001 Crude: = $20.90/bbl -$0.37 Unleaded: $0.5927/gallon -$0.0086 Heating Oil: $0.581= 5/gallon -$0.0131 Gas: $2.555/mmBtu -$0.356 Broadcasting Note: On New Y= ear's Eve, we're broadcasting through 1:00 p.m. ET. We're dark on New Year= 's Day. Keep in mind things are subject to change at a moment's notice. O= ccasionally guests have to reschedule or change time slots. We'll continue= to do our best to keep you updated on future interviews and events. Be= sure to watch our newscasts every business day - 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET, at t= he top of each hour. =09 =09=09=09=09 =09=09=09=09=09=09 =09 =09 =09Peter Cook, EnergyNewsLive.com Washington Bureau Chief View today's= Energy Wrap Video Windows Media Player: 56K | 100K | 300K Real Player: = 56K | 100K | 300K (Requires Windows Media Player or Real Player ) Expe= rience all that Williams Energy News Live has to offer! If you are receiv= ing this letter for the first time and wish to continue, subscribe now T= o stop receiving this letter, unsubscribe now If you are having trouble = receiving this e-mail, please let us know or call (800) WILLIAMS (800-945= What is the subject of this email?	
Williams Energy News Live -- today's video newscast	

This is an email Let me know when you want to chat about NYPA. It should only take about 15 min. I would like Beverly present because someday I would like to be agent for NYPA on their contract. What is the subject of this email?	
NYPA	

Write an email with the following subject: TXU Energy Canada	
John, Where are we at on credit with these guys. They won't sell me gas because they say we need to increase Enron Canada's parental guarentee. This is costing me deals and I need to know what is going on soon. Thanx,	

What is the subject line for this email? Please replace the prior version of the capacity release with the attached version. I found a typo. In the 5th line of the Section 2.1, the number was incorrect.	
Capacity Release	

Here is an email: Listening in by phone is so much better than traveling to these meetings. It greatly reduces one's exposure to the toxins of this process. 1. A learned expert on Secured Transactions from Mike's firm gave an opening address on the principles of granting and receiving the grantation of security interests. Almost completely irrelevant. The guy up and suggested that for a given transaction, the parties might consider giving a security interest in an office building, ie.real estate, as collateral. 2. A cannabalized EEI Credit Support Annex was tabled by Deedee Russo of Reliant and muddled through. The format was typically: Mike: "Okay guys, why don't you explain to me what you want." Member: "We think we need this...blah blah blah, " Mike: "Okay, we'll put that into our next draft and have a conference call in December and a meeting in January and remember, none of this is binding, its all optional." 3. At the very end, a lawyer from PacifiCorp managed to raise the vital issue and Mike got his hackles up very quickly. The PacifiCorp guy was basically saying that the WSPP was becoming more and more like the EEI and that this made it more and more difficult for parties to decide which agreement to use. His implication was that the WSPP should try to remain different or throw in the towel and be just like the EEI. Small reacted from a position of religion, dogmatically and loudly asserting that the two agreements were fundamentally different. Here is where he left himself open to the shining light of rational analysis: if someone, had the time, and we thought it mattered enough, the approach to take would be this: Dispassionate Spokesperson: A question has been raised: is the WSPP agreement becoming more or less like the EEI? To fairly answer this question one needs to look at all the changes that have been made by the WSPP in the last three years, comparing each change to the EEI agreement. (prepare comparison document). If we look at the evidence do we see convergence or divergence? The answer will be overwhelmingly convergence. If this objective study could be placed before the "Membership" it would speak for itself. Nobody would have to utter a word. The comparison document would do the job. If we are going to bother playing with these guys, this is what we should do. It would take some time, but if we circulated it to the membership and then merely raised the question of future direction, we might deal this tedious process a mortal blow. Believe it or not, the solution to this process is to follow the same process that went on when the King James Bible was put together in 1611. Various scholars took various views on how various Hebrew passages should be translated, and it took a committee of draftsmen, appointed and sent to Geneva by King James to pound out the form that has stood the test of time for centuries. The Joint Drafting Committee's time on the historical stage is finally arriving. I am going to talk to this Pacificorp fellow and Brenda Anderson at BPA and see what happens. ----cgy What is a potential subject line for this email?	
Summary of WSPP meeting	

I just changed both of these deals to CAISO energy, instead of Firm. I noticed that the one you asked about, #481620, was part of an EES sleeve, so I checked the other side of it, deal #481621, and sure enough it also had the incorrect energy type. It's holiday fever! Thanks, Generate a subject line for this email.	
481620/481621